Rebase infrastructure for pushouts to span diagrams (#885)
UniMath/SymmetryBookFormalization: src/synthetic-homotopy-theory/cocones-under-span-diagrams.lagda.md

open import foundation-core.functoriality-dependent-pair-types
open import foundation-core.identity-types
open import foundation-core.torsorial-type-families
```

</details>

## Idea

A {{#concept "cocone" Agda=cocone-span-diagram Disambiguation="span diagram"}}
under a [span diagram](foundation.span-diagrams.md) `A <-f- S -g-> B` with
codomain `X` consists of two maps `i : A → X` and `j : B → X` equipped with a
[homotopy](foundation.homotopies.md) witnessing that the square

```text
        g
    S -----> B
    |        |
  f |        | j
    V        V
    A -----> X
        i
```

[commutes](foundation.commuting-squares-of-maps.md).

[Equivalently](foundation-core.equivalences.md), a cocone with codomain `X`
under a span diagram `𝒮` given by `A <-f- S -g-> B` can be described as a
[morphism of span diagrams](foundation.morphisms-span-diagrams.md) from `𝒮` into
the [constant span diagram](foundation.constant-span-diagrams.md) at `X`. In
other words, a cocone under `𝒮` with codomain `X` is a commuting diagram of the
form

```text
         f       g
    A <----- S -----> B
    |        |        |
  i |        | h      | j
    V        V        V
    X ====== X ====== X.
```

> It is immediate from the definition of a cocone on a span that any commuting
> square of maps, or any [morphism of arrows](foundation.morphisms-arrows.md) can
> be presented equivalently as a cocone on a span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is immediate from the definition of a cocone under a span diagram that any commuting
square of maps, or any [morphism of arrows](foundation.morphisms-arrows.md) can
be presented equivalently as a cocone under a span diagram.
```
